In this video, we'll cover the checkout form validation
for shipping, billing and credit card.
Alrighty, so basically what we want to do here
is finish up the remaining sections for shipping,
billing address and credit card
and we'll add the validation here for these sections.
And our development process is just more of the same,
all right, so basically we'll just go through
and we'll add the validation rules,
define the getter methods and update the HTML template.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead and swing into our IDE,
so in this section here we kind of focus on
adding the validation for shipping address.
So for step one will specify the validation rules
for the form controls.
Summon checkout component at CES right now.
I moved down here to the section for shipping address.
This is where we'll do all of our work.
And I'll just go ahead and copy paste
some of the coding from up above.
So I just copied this form control code
and I'll put it down here for a street.
And then I'll also clean everything up
to kind of put it all on a two lines here.
All right, so that'll work out for street.
So required middle of two and not only white space.
I'll do a similar here for city.
So just like quick copy and paste here.
And then similar thing for zip code
down at the bottom.
I'll just remove that extra comma
at the end there.
Okay, that looks good.
And then for stating country those are drop down list.
So there's no input at the usual actually type.
So here I'll simply just make those fields required.
So just clean this up a bit and only
use required here.
Because there's no white space
or anything that the user can enter.
Just selecting an item.
Stereo valid ID is required.
All right, that's good.
And I'll apply the same here for country.
All right, so that looks pretty good here
for the validation rules for shipping address.
Now in Step 2 we'll define the Getter methods
to access the form controls.
So I'll just move down here where
I have the getter methods to find.
I'll just copy the one here for email and I'll paste it.
And I'll simply rename the method
as shipping address Street.
And then returns shipping address doc street.
So that's the actual name of the form control
or the reference of the form control.
And remember we'll use these methods
on our actual HTML template to access the form control.
So now let me go ahead and copy this line
X number of times and I'll go through
and just update the fields here.
So shipping address City.
Shipping address dot City.
And I just repeat the process here
for a state country and zip code.
All right. So this looks pretty good.
So make sure you get everything just right
as I have here on the screen
because we need it to be set up just right
in order for Angular to access it accordingly.
Alrighty, so we have all of the methods updated
along with the appropriate field.
So this looks pretty good.
Stand back here and just take a look at my work.
Make sure everything's okay.
And oops. I see a typo.
Get shipping address State ooh an extra T.
Let's get rid of that.
All right hoof that's better, okay.
Shipping address State.
Alright, so kind of pause the video here.
Make sure your code follows exactly
what I have here on the screen.
Make sure it's all correct.
And from there. We're in pretty good shape.
So good job.